{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Daily average\
Std deviation of treatment averages -- ribbon around curves\
\
\
\
\
Base Case: for 1 task, we simply assign it to the computer with smallest T value. Both T values are necessarily 0, so algorithm is correct for 1 task.\
Inductive hypothesis: Our algorithm is correct for all number of tasks <= i\
Proof for i+1: Let the T values for the two computers be T_n^1 and T_n^2 . There are two cases:\
1). One computer has already been assigned n/2 jobs. Let this compute be known as T*. We place task i+1 to the other computer. We can't place any values in T*, so we must place all the other values in T. What order should these tasks be in? From the rearrangement inequality, we know our values should be in non-decreasing order. Because our algorithm sorts all task values by time in a strict non decreasing order, we know task i+1 has been placed correctly. \
2). No computer has been assigned n/2 jobs. Our algorithm gives task i+1 to the computer with the lowest value T*. The resulting T_total is now the smallest possible.\
T_total = max(T* + t(i+1), T)\
Assume placing task i+1 to the computer with the higher value T result in a smaller T_total. Now\
T_total' = max(T + t(i+1), T*).\
But T_total' must be greater than or equal to T_total because T > T*, thus, T + t(i+1) > T* +t(i+1). Note if both computers have same value T, then algorithm gives the task to any computer, which is correct behavior. What about the ordering of task i+1? It is correct because we ordered the tasks by increasing task length and thus the rearrangement inequality applies.\
\
Topic: Andrew Flury's Zoom Meeting\
Start Time : Oct 5, 2020 05:08 PM\
\
Meeting Recording:\
https://berkeley.zoom.us/rec/share/p15UrOGBexceiyMsS-bl0EXdlOiuBzLglPpjxW0noSC4FLPCJhPp1s-utjiwea70.e4mrRkcIjwAClnWw\
\
\
Penelope wants to finish raspberry pi turtle activity\
Replit sharing issue\
\
\
}